[STORY-171] Rewrite MySQL documentation (#2501)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/mysql/2000-01-01-restoring.md

Author: I split the doc and detailed the process for Backups and for Dumps. This makes the page a bit longer, but in the end, it probably is clearer that way :)

   line tool to complete the one-off setup:
   ```bash
   install-scalingo-cli
   ```
3. Login to Scalingo:
   ```bash
   scalingo login
   ```
4. Still from the one-off, [download a backup]({% post_url databases/mysql/2000-01-01-backing-up %}#downloading-a-periodic-backup)
5. Uncompress the backup file:
   ```bash
   tar -xvzf <backup_file>
   ```
6. Restore the database from the uncompressed file, using the `mysql` command:
   ```bash
   mysql --user=<user> --password=<password> --host=<host> --port=<port> <dbname> < <uncompressed_file>
   ```
   With `user`, `password`, `host`, `port` and `dbname` from your original
   [connection URI]({% post_url databases/mysql/2000-01-01-connecting %}#understanding-the-connection-uri).

#### From Your Workstation

1. [Download a backup]({% post_url databases/mysql/2000-01-01-backing-up %}#downloading-a-periodic-backup)
2. Uncompress the backup file:
   ```bash
   tar -xvzf <backup_file>
   ```
3. [Open a DB tunnel]({% post_url databases/mysql/2000-01-01-accessing %}#using-our-command-line-tool)
   so you can access your database from your workstation
4. Restore the database from the uncompressed file, using the `mysql` command

>    (you may have to install iton your workstation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (you may have to install it on your workstation):
```

---

> title: Restoring Your Scalingo for MySQL® Addon

Author: I chose to go with "Restoring Your Scalingo for MySQL Addon From a Backup or From a Dump"
